Some more documentation updates (#49)
JCSDA-internal/eva-docs: doc/eva_developer_guide/developer_best_practices/developer_guide.md

# Developer Guide

## Best Practices
A developer for eva should:
- Add a new test if new functionality is added
- Ensure all tests pass and do not break
- Write code that conforms to style guidelines
- Document code sufficiently and in the proper style
- Update documentation when appropriate

## Eva GitHub Tips and Tricks

> The eva repository sits under the JCSDA-internal organization on GitHub. While the repository is publicly readable and anyone can clone the repository, write access is limited to members of the JCSDA-internal organizaation. These members are typically employees and affiliates of the JCSDA and its core partner agencies. Any developer, however, is welcome to fork the repository and issue pull requests for consideration for inclusion in the authoratative repository by the eva maintainers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The eva repository sits under the JCSDA-internal organization on GitHub. While the repository is publicly readable and anyone can clone the repository, write access is limited to members of the JCSDA-internal organization. These members are typically employees and affiliates of the JCSDA and its core partner agencies. Any developer, however, is welcome to fork the repository and issue pull requests for consideration for inclusion in the authoritative repository by the eva maintainers.
```
